README.md, before:

# Laravel Model Constants
This package will generate constant files for your models to reduce typo's and no need to debug to find out with columns you have.

## Benefits
1. The files automatically get re-generated after every migration, so you can be sure that they are up 2 date.
2. When a column is removed you will get IDE errors.
3. Less possibilities for typo's
4. You can use these constants inside FormRequests, Models and wherever you normally type a string (column name)
5. This package is created with all design patterns in mind. Whether you use domain driven design or Laravels default approach

## How to install it
`composer require mennovanhout/laravel-model-constants`

## How to use it
This packages hooks into Laravels migration system and will generate the files after each migration or batch of migrations.

You can run it manually with: `artisan model:constants`

## Example of a generated constant file

```php
<?php

namespace Domain\Authentication\Models;

class UserColumns
{
	 const ID = 'id';
	 const NAME = 'name';
	 const EMAIL = 'email';
	 const EMAIL_VERIFIED_AT = 'email_verified_at';
	 const PASSWORD = 'password';
	 const REMEMBER_TOKEN = 'remember_token';
	 const CREATED_AT = 'created_at';
	 const UPDATED_AT = 'updated_at';
}
```

## Example of a model

```php
<?php

class User extends Authenticatable
{
    use HasApiTokens, HasFactory, Notifiable;

    protected $fillable = [
        UserColumns::NAME,
        UserColumns::EMAIL,
        UserColumns::PASSWORD,
    ];

    protected $hidden = [
        UserColumns::PASSWORD,
        UserColumns::REMEMBER_TOKEN,
    ];

    protected $casts = [
        UserColumns::EMAIL_VERIFIED_AT => 'datetime',
    ];
}
```

Commit message:

Rename generated class, add possbility to clean project, update ReadME

README.md, after:

# Laravel Model Constants
This package will generate constant files for your models to reduce typo's and the need of debugging to find out what attributes are available.

## Benefits
1. This package is ready to be installed and to forget about, no maintenance or commands you have to learn.
2. This packages listens to the Laravel migrations ended event (Files automatically get updated/generated).
3. When a column is removed you will get IDE errors.
4. Fewer typo's.
5. These constants are widely available throughout your whole codebase instead of having to type string.
6. This package is created with all design patterns in mind. Whether you use domain driven design or Laravels default approach.

## How to install it
`composer require mennovanhout/laravel-model-constants`

## How to use it
This packages hooks into Laravels migration system and will generate the files after each migration or batch of migrations.

You can run it manually with: `artisan model:constants`.

If you want to remove files generated by this packages you can do that with: `artisan model:constants-clean`.

## Example: Generated constant file

```php
<?php

namespace Domain\Authentication\Models;

use MennoVanHout\LaravelModelConstants\Types\ModelAttributes;

class UserAttributes extends ModelAttributes
{
	 const ID = 'id';
	 const NAME = 'name';
	 const EMAIL = 'email';
	 const EMAIL_VERIFIED_AT = 'email_verified_at';
	 const PASSWORD = 'password';
	 const REMEMBER_TOKEN = 'remember_token';
	 const CREATED_AT = 'created_at';
	 const UPDATED_AT = 'updated_at';
}
```

## Example Model

```php
<?php

namespace Domain\Authentication\Models;

class User extends Authenticatable
{
    use HasApiTokens, HasFactory, Notifiable;

    protected $fillable = [
        UserAttributes::NAME,
        UserAttributes::EMAIL,
        UserAttributes::PASSWORD,
    ];

    protected $hidden = [
        UserAttributes::PASSWORD,
        UserAttributes::REMEMBER_TOKEN,
    ];

    protected $casts = [
        UserAttributes::EMAIL_VERIFIED_AT => 'datetime',
    ];
}
```

## Todo:
- Add config file.
- Be able to put the generated constant files in another directory.
- Add an option to also generated relations in the constants.
- Add an option to also generated custom attributes in the constants.
